Five internal organs before ghosts
It's You
sole
I heard that mother and daughter babies
noisy
Delivered the position of Queen of Kagura Temple
I came to Zhuge specially
I want you to work with me
Sisters get rich together
How to cooperate with your uncle?
You'd better hand over the antidote to Sanjihong quickly
Or I'll break your dog
I skinned you
Hahahahaha
It turns out that the general is also there
If you are angry
Presumably Miss Qinghe's situation should not be optimistic
How about our deal?
Don't worry, General Dream
Juju listen to me finish
You sent someone to capture Liu Jun
I lost 10 million for nothing
If you want the cure for the future
Liu Jun was released
Then compensate me 100 million
And the mother and daughter?
In the name of a deeper queen
Give the order to stop a few pairs of wounds and take them for encirclement and suppression
And allow us to move you in Nanjing.
Guida Musashi, listen carefully
I am Mu Linglong
I will never trade my daughter with you
I don't believe in betrayal
Let you thieves make trouble
If there is anything wrong with Qinghe
I swear I will chase after the ends of the earth
I will definitely catch you too
Break your neck with your own hands
hateful
I actually called Senior Sister's mobile phone
face-to-face provocation
So arrogant
It seems that the universe is worse than we imagined
You just arrived in the red
Ghost lick
Musashi asked Chen Hui to feed Qinghe Sanrihong
It means he knows the purpose of your trip to Hongchen
Just to invite me out of the mountain
So layout in advance
Trying to use Qinghe to threaten me
Sister means
I have Gozo Kameda's eyeliner by my side